feat: enhance `Update-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` and `Request-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` for `hash_algorithm` (#48)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management: CHANGELOG.md

- Enhanced `Update-SddcManagerPasswordComplexity` to handle disconnects gracefully. [GH-42](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/42)
- Enhanced `Get-PasswordPolicyConfig` as there is no significance of default value while parameter is mandatory. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/45)
- Enhanced `Get-PasswordPolicyDefault` as there is no significance of default value while parameter is mandatory. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/45)

> - Enhanced `Update-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for VCF5.0. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced `Update-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for NSX 4.x. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/47)
```

> - Enhanced `Request-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for VCF5.0. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced `Request-NsxtManagerPasswordComplexity` cmdlet to handle `hash_algorithm` parameter for NSX 4.x. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/pull/47)
```
